misc fixes (#1180)
carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-website: src/pages/components/content-group-simple.mdx

|                                                                                                                                                            | Paragraph                                                               | Long copy  | Yes      | 1           | XXXXL (1600 / 2400)                            |
|                                                                                                                                                            | [CTA (text)](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/cta/#text) | Component  | No       | 1           | –                                              |
| [CTA (card)](https://www.ibm.com/standards/carbon/components/cta/#card)                                                                                    |                                                                         | Component  | No       | 1           | –                                              |

> To see the list of all character count standards, go to this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> <a href="https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-website/wiki/Character-count-standards" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">link</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the [character count standards](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-website/wiki/Character-count-standards).

```
